Trouble has mounted for controversial online comedy group AIB with the Mumbai police on Monday registering a complaint against its co-founder Tanmay Bhat, who has made a video of a mock conversation involving Lata Mangeshkar and Sachin Tendulkar.

The cyber cell has directed Google, Facebook, YouTube, SnapChat and other channels to delete the All India Bakchod's contentious video.

Bhat, a stand-up comedian, posted the video ‘Sachin v/s Lata Civil War’ on Facebook on May 26. The video, which takes jibes at the 86-year-old melody queen and the 43-year-old cricketing legend, has several insulting content and triggered a backlash from various quarters. Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), BJP and NCP have sought Bhat’s arrest. Lodging a complaint with the Shivaji Park police station, MNS Chitrapat Sena president Amey Khopkar said, “He (Bhat) will have to face the music.” But the police are yet to register an FIR, DCP (Operations) Sangramsingh Nishandar said, adding the police have taken a transcript of the video and they would seek an opinion from legal experts before taking action.

 Several leaders wrote to Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Mumbai police chief Datta Padsalgikar, seeking action against all those behind the video.

Shiv Sena spokesperson Neelam Gorhe said strict action must be taken so that this is not repeated. Her views were echoed by BJP Mumbai unit chief Ashish Shelar, who said, “We cannot ignore such things.”  “Happened to watch a part of a desperate and shameful attempt to be funny by a wannabe comedian on @sachin_rt ji and @mangeshkarlata ji,” tweeted Yuva Sena chief Aditya Thackeray, son of Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray.

“This is not the first time AIB is involved in an incident like this. In the past too they have been in the news for the wrong reasons,” NCP spokesperson and former Labour minister Nawab Malik said.
The police were in touch with Google, Facebook and YouTube to block a video by stand-up comedian Tanmay Bhat that allegedly insulted veteran singer Lata Mangeshkar and cricketing legend Sachin Tendulkar, an officer from the cyber crime cell said on Monday.
Assistant commissioner of police Yashwant Pathak told ANI that the police were also trying to identify and block the IP address of the device from which the video was uploaded.
The police initiated an investigation into a complaint against Bhat’s video of a mock conversation between Mangeshkar and Tendulkar, even as the Shiv Sena, BJP and MNS demanded action against the stand-up artiste and the All India Bakchod (AIB) — his comedy collective.
Read | Sachin-Lata video: Politicians want to roast AIB’s Tanmay Bhat
Bhat used an app called Face Swap, which allows users to “borrow” another person’s face, for creating two videos titled Sachin Vs Lata #Civilwar that angered admirers of both the singer and the cricketer. Among other things in the videos, Bhat suggested why 86-year-old Mangeshkar was still “alive” and debated if test captain Virat Kohli was better than Tendulkar.
Read | In tweets: Tanmay responds to backlash against Sachin-Lata video
Bhat also picked on the social media, stating: “LoL, Twitter, jaha pe logo ke marne se pehle unke marne ki khabar trend hoti hai, ‘tasteless’ aur ‘crass’ jaise words use kar rahi hai (Twitter, a place where people circulate news of people’s death before the actual demise is witnessing use of words like tasteless and crass).”
Ads by ZINC


 Hyderabad   vs     Bangalore
BLR 208/7 | 20 overs (RR:10.4) - HYD 200/7
Hyderabad won by 8 runs

“When you guys write about me tomorrow, can you please use my snapchat ID - it’s thetanmay, thanks,” he added. The video sparked off a virtual war on social media as political leaders and several members of the film fraternity attacked Bhat for poking fun at legends while fellow-comedians came to his defence.
Read | As Bollywood attacks Tanmay Bhat, Indian comedians raise their shields
Pahlaj Nihalani called for Bhat’s immediate arrest, even as filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar termed the video “sickening”. Actor Riteish Deshmukh had earlier tweeted that “disrespect is not cool and neither is it funny”, with Bollywood comrades Anupam Kher and Celina Jaitley echoing his sentiments.
Comedian Neeti Palta, on the other hand, wondered if the video was a “matter of national security” to be debated in such a manner. In an apparent reference to Deshmukh’s penchant for starring in movies that find lewd amusement in the female anatomy, she enquired: “Looks pe joke nahin karna chahiye (Shouldn’t one make fun of others’ looks)?”
Another comedian, Rajneesh Kapoor, wanted to know if Mangeshkar and Tendulkar could not be touched because “they are Bharat Ratnas”. Producer Pritish Nandy tweeted, “One tiny slip and the whole world jumps at your throat. That’s the life of a stand-up.”
Bhat also found support in Chetan Bhagat, author of bestsellers such as Five Point Someone and Two States.
AIB comprises stand-up comics Bhat, Gursimran Khamba, Rohan Joshi and Ashish Shakya. Known for its quirky and satirical humour, the collective has gained a massive following across various social media platforms. Last year, AIB ran into trouble following a controversial “roast” that featured Bollywood A-listers such as Arjun Kapoor, Ranveer Singh and Karan Johar.
(With inputs from agencies)
Tags Tanmay Bhat  Tanmay Bhat controversy  Tanmay Bhat video

Stand-up comedian Tanmay Bhat’s latest video, in which he has mocked veteran singer Lata Mangeshkar and cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar, was in the eye of the storm on Monday.
While political parties — the BJP, Shiv Sena and the MNS — sought criminal action against the comedian for posting the video on social networking sites, the police was undecided on what action could be taken over the video.
DCP (operations) Sangramsingh Nishandar said that the police had sought a legal opinion on the matter. “We have received two complaints from the MNS Chitrapat Sena and BJP. We have also communicated to Facebook and YouTube to block the video in question,” Mr Nishandar said. Titled “Sachin v/s Lata Civil War”, Mr Bhat, in a video posted on Facebook on May 26, took jibes at the 86-year-old melody queen and the 43-year-old cricketing legend.
Using a Snapchat face swap filter, we first see Tanmay imitating Sachin and hurling swears at Virat Kohli and then we see Tanmay taking a dig at Lata.
